docs: lead README with the Arrow-native framing (#4428)
apache/datafusion-comet: README.md

## What Comet Accelerates

Comet replaces Spark operators and expressions with implementations that consume and produce Apache Arrow
batches. Most run as native Rust code on top of Apache DataFusion; some run as JVM code over Arrow batches.

> Either way the work stays in the Comet pipeline without falling back to Spark's row-based engine.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Either way, query execution stays in the Comet pipeline without falling back to Spark's row-based engine.
```

> Either way, query execution stays in the Comet pipeline without falling back to Spark's row-based engine.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Comet accelerates Spark workloads by replacing Spark operators and expressions with high-performance implementations that process Apache Arrow columnar data directly. Most operators are powered by native Rust execution built on Apache DataFusion, while others run efficiently in the JVM on Arrow batches. This unified columnar execution model keeps processing within the Comet engine end-to-end, reducing overhead and delivering faster, more efficient query execution without reverting to Spark's traditional row-based engine.
```

- **Parquet scans**: native Parquet reader integrated with Spark's query planner
- **Apache Iceberg**: accelerated Parquet scans when reading Iceberg tables from Spark
  (see the [Iceberg guide](https://datafusion.apache.org/comet/user-guide/iceberg.html))

> - **Shuffle**: Arrow-IPC columnar shuffle with support for hash and range partitioning, in a native Rust

Reviewer: Didn't we add a (not 100% Spark-compatible) round-robin partitioning solution? Should we skip that if it's opt-in?

Author: Yes, round-robin in native is not compatible with Spark's version, so it is opt-in. For the top level README it seems like too much information to try and include

  implementation paired with a JVM fallback for unsupported partition key types
- **Expressions**: hundreds of supported Spark expressions across math, string, datetime, array,
  map, JSON, hash, and predicate categories
- **Aggregations**: hash aggregate with support for `FILTER (WHERE ...)` clauses
- **Joins**: hash join, sort-merge join, and broadcast join

> - **Scala/Java UDFs**: support for keeping Scala/Java scalar UDFs in the Comet pipeline

Reviewer 2: what about Python UDFs?

Author: Python UDF support did not merge yet

> - **Scala/Java UDFs**: experimental support for keeping Scala/Java scalar UDFs in the Comet pipeline

Reviewer: We can drop "experimental" if #4514 merges first.

  via Spark's whole-stage codegen (see the
  [Scala UDF guide](https://datafusion.apache.org/comet/user-guide/scala_java_udfs.html))

> 

Reviewer 2: we can also add windows
